# Team Meeting: Starting Pitch 2!

[Team 2 Members](#team-2-members)

[Meeting Info](#meeting-info)

[Attendance](#attendance)

[Agenda](#agenda)

[Meeting Notes](#meeting-notes)

[Todo](#todo)

[Miro Board](https://miro.com/app/board/uXjVPJnCzps=/?share_link_id=992842944391)

[Previous Meeting](https://github.com/cse110-fa22-group2/team2-fa22-cse110/blob/main/admin/meetings/102522-starting_pitch.md)

## **Team 2 Members**
<ul>

##### <li> *Sahil Dadhwal* </li>
##### <li> *Nikhil Rao* </li>
##### <li> *Yingqi Cao* </li>
##### <li> *Isaac Varela* </li>
##### <li> *Thomas Koon* </li>
##### <li> *Liam Nguyen* </li>
##### <li> *Chieh-hsiu Hung* </li>
##### <li> *Amaar Valliani* </li>
##### <li> *Andrew Jia* </li>
##### <li> *Yunxiao Xu* </li> 
  
</ul>

## **Meeting Info**
#### Meeting Specs: 
<ul>
  <li>October 27, 2022</li>
  <ul>
    <li>Duration: 2 hour and 4 minutes</li>
        <ol>7:00pm to 9:04pm<ol>
  </ul>
</ul>

#### Meeting Location: 
<ul>
  <li>CSE Building(3rd Floor) + Virtual Zoom Meeting </li>
</ul>

#### Meeting Type: 
<ul>
  <li>Starting Pitch Session 2:</li>
    <ul>
      <li>
      Team Leads: 
        <ol>
            Nikhil Rao and Yingqi Cao
        </ol>
      </li>
      <li>
      Rules: 
        <ol>
            <li>
                Everyone needs to contribute and be prepared to discuss their contributions.
            </li>
            <li>
                Everyone needs to be active on Slack.
            </li>
            <li>
                Other rules are defined in our team contract.
            </li>
        </ol>
      </li>
    </ul>
</ul>	

## **Attendance**
##### <li> *10 out of 10* </li>
- [x] Sahil Dadhwal
- [x] Nikhil Rao
- [x] Yingqi Cao
- [x] Isaac Varela
- [x] Thomas Koon
- [x] Liam Nguyen
- [x] Amaar Valliani
- [x] Andrew Jia
- [x] Yunxiao Xu
- [x] Chieh-hsiu Hung

## **Agenda**
- [ ] Change repo image to our group logo.
- [x] Discuss everyones individual progress.
- [x] Use Miro for diagrams, charts, etc...
- [x] Create wireframes structure
- [x] Create general roadmap of project
- [x] Make a list of technologies you would use for frontend and backend
- [x] Make a list to risks, rabbit holes, and no go's
- [x] Assign team roles

    

## **Meeting Notes**
### Recap of the meeting:

> ***Daily*** - The Slack Standbot for our M-Th Daily Standups seem to be working great so far! Remember to answer the questions the bot asks you everday!
 
> ***Weekly*** - Remember to fill out the google doc for Friday Standups. This is where we reflect over the work we have done during the week.

> ***Monday at 4:15pm*** - Team Leader meeting with T.A. in the CSE Basement, all are recommended to join, especially if you will miss our group meetings. Note: Jerry has team meeting conflicts so he will attend these meetings.

> ***Tuesday at 7pm*** - Weekly Team meeting. Must arrive on time unless you provide the team leaders with a reasonable excuse.

> ***Thursday at 7pm*** - Weekly Team meeting. Must arrive on time unless you provide the team leaders with a reasonable excuse.

> ***Project Theme*** - Local First. CRUD: Create, Read, Update, Delete

> ***Group Project*** - The project we are choosing to pursue is the General Shared Professional Dictionary.
>- **What is it?**
>- *A database for terms or jargon from majors at an undergraduate level, such as CS or EE, or any liberal art majors. It has a publicly maintained version and any individuals could have their own dictionary by pulling an entry from the public database to their local machine. While the publicly maintained version requires qualified people to update or modify the term and requires professionals to verify, on individuals’ local machine, they can make their own notes or create relationships with another term, making it their own version. The database’s scope could be confined to UCSD courses. For example, Each dictionary entry could be tagged with the course number. And users could filter the database by the course number to get all the terms covered in the course.*
>- **C:** Create a dictionary term.
>- **R:** People access it remotely or pull for their own version.
>- **U:** Public database term updated. Or users make notes on their own dict.
>- **D:** Delete an entry, either in public database or personal database.


> Tonight we will discuss any progress that was made from last meeting and as a group critic and adjust everyone's work.
> We will then assign tasks to everyone that must be worked on and presented to the group on Saturday.
> We will try to complete our Project Pitch Proposal by this weekend.

## **Notes**
Debrief tasks completed since last meeting.
1) **User personas**
<ul>
    <ul>
        <li>Persona 1</li>
            <ul>
                <li>Hashtag feature is for specific terms</li>
                    <ol>Ex. #graphs #java</ol>
                    <ol>For quick lookups</ol>
                <li>Category feature is more general</li>    
                    <ol>Ex. Algorithms</ol>
            </ul>
        <li>Persona 2</li>
            <ul>
                <li>Remind user to write runtime if tag is #algorithm</li>
                <li>Write specific templates for #programminglanguages</li>    
            </ul>
        <li>Persona 3</li>
            <ul>
                <li>Users writing categories</li>
            </ul>
        <li>Main priority is about user writing their own definitions</li>
    </ul>
</ul>

2) **User interviews**
<ul>
    <ul>
        <li>Add a date added feature.</li>
        <li>Maybe have a recently added feature.</li>
    </ul>
</ul>

3) **Competitors**
<ul>
    <ul>
        <li>W3Schools and GeeksForGeeks</li>
            <ul>
                <li>They have great explanations of CS concepts</li>                
            </ul>
        <li>Quizlet</li>
            <ul>
                <li>They don't have tags/recent definitions.</li>                
            </ul>
    </ul>
</ul>

4) **System Diagrams**
<ul>
    <ul>
        <li>Pop up preview of definition on hover (maybe, but not #1 priority)</li>
        <li>Create a settings section.</li>
    </ul>
</ul>

5) **Wireframe**
<ul>
    <ul>
        <li>Sahil worked on this portion</li>
        <li>Format the “add a term” section to be more like how Slack does it (bold, italics, etc...)</li>
    </ul>
</ul>

6) **Roadmap of the project**
<ul>
    <ul>
        <li>Sprint 1: brainstorming + pitch</li>
        <li>Sprint 2: coding</li>
        <li>Sprint 3: debugging/modifying</li>
    </ul>
</ul>

7) **Technologies used for frontend and backend**
<ul>
    <ul>
        <li>HTML, CSS, Javascript, VSCode</li>
        <li>Data can be stored using JSON files</li>
    </ul>
</ul>

- [There is a service that allows you to upload files and host your website/deploy your cloud service](https://ucsdservicedesk.service-now.com/its?id=kb_article_view&sysparm_article=KB0030548&sys_kb_id=d25241d287d25150825ac807cebb3535)

8) **Risks, rabbit holes, and no gos**  
<ul>
    <ul>
        <li>No one person is assigned a portion of the website</li>
            <ul>
                <li>Everyone is assigned tasks in groups of 2</li>
                <li>Each team of 2 can decide how to work together</li>
            </ul>
        <li>Create a development branch</li>
            <ul>
                <li>Each feature gets their own branch branched off from development</li>
                <li>Each feature gets merged into development</li>
                <li>Every so often, development branch gets merged into masters branch</li>
            </ul>
        <li>Everyone adds issues and the person approving the pull request will connect an issue to the pull request</li>
        <li>Everyone pulls from the development branch, then deal with conflicts if they exist, and merge with development branch with a pull request</li>
        <li>Make sure to always collaborate, communicate, and do your part!</li>
        <li>If a certain feature is really hard to implement, then the team can decide not to do it</li>
            <ul>
                <li>Always consult the TA if the problem gets too difficult</li>
            </ul>
    </ul>
</ul>

9) **Team roles (will finish assigning on Saturday)**
<ul>
    <ul>
        <li>Yingqi: team lead</li>
        <li>Nikhil: team lead</li>
            <ul>
                <li>Approve pull requests</li>
            </ul>
        <li>Designers and Frontend (HTML, CSS)</li>
            <ul>
                <li>Sahil</li>
            </ul>
        <li>Backend (JavaScript)</li>
            <ul>
                <li>Ex. retrieving files from local storage, putting data in JSON files</li>
                <li>Thomas</li>
            </ul>
        <li>Testing</li>
            <ul>
                <li>Isaac</li>
            </ul>
        <li>Advisors</li>
            <ul>
                <li>Jerry, Liam?</li>
            </ul>
        <li>Everyone</li>
            <ul>
                <li>Document everything (ask TA about this)</li>
                <li>README.md file is necessary for our entire project</li>
                <li>In-line comments</li>
                <li>At the start of every file, have a description of the file</li>
            </ul>
    </ul>
</ul>


## **Todo**
- [ ] Change repo image to our group logo.
- [ ] Discuss everyones individual task status' from this meeting.

- [ ] R&D on Competitor apps
    - Thomas
    - Andrew

- [ ] Create Wireframes    
    - Sahil

- [ ] Create a Roadmap of the project    
    - Group meeting on Saturday to discuss this

- [ ] Technologies you would use for frontend and backend    
    - Yunxiao

- [ ] Risks, rabbit holes, and no gos    
    - Isaac

- [ ] Update and re-assign team roles as needed.
