# Team Meeting: Starting Pitch 3!

[Team 2 Members](#team-2-members)

[Meeting Info](#meeting-info)

[Attendance](#attendance)

[Agenda](#agenda)

[Meeting Notes](#meeting-notes)

[Todo](#todo)

[Miro Board](https://miro.com/app/board/uXjVPJnCzps=/?share_link_id=992842944391)

[Previous Meeting](https://github.com/cse110-fa22-group2/team2-fa22-cse110/blob/main/admin/meetings/102722-starting_pitch.md)

## **Team 2 Members**
<ul>

##### <li> *Sahil Dadhwal* </li>
##### <li> *Nikhil Rao* </li>
##### <li> *Yingqi Cao* </li>
##### <li> *Isaac Varela* </li>
##### <li> *Thomas Koon* </li>
##### <li> *Liam Nguyen* </li>
##### <li> *Chieh-hsiu Hung* </li>
##### <li> *Amaar Valliani* </li>
##### <li> *Andrew Jia* </li>
##### <li> *Yunxiao Xu* </li> 
  
</ul>

## **Meeting Info**
#### Meeting Specs: 
<ul>
  <li>October 29, 2022</li>
  <ul>
    <li>Duration: 2 hour and 5 minutes</li>
        <ol>10:00am to 12:05pm<ol>
  </ul>
</ul>

#### Meeting Location: 
<ul>
  <li>Virtual Zoom Meeting </li>
</ul>

#### Meeting Type: 
<ul>
  <li>Starting Pitch Session 3:</li>
    <ul>
      <li>
      Team Leads: 
        <ol>
            Nikhil Rao and Yingqi Cao
        </ol>
      </li>
      <li>
      Rules: 
        <ol>
            <li>
                Everyone needs to contribute and be prepared to discuss their contributions.
            </li>
            <li>
                Everyone needs to be active on Slack.
            </li>
            <li>
                Other rules are defined in our team contract.
            </li>
        </ol>
      </li>
    </ul>
</ul>	

## **Attendance**
##### <li> *8 out of 10* </li>
- [x] Sahil Dadhwal
- [x] Nikhil Rao
- [x] Yingqi Cao
- [x] Isaac Varela
- [x] Thomas Koon
- [x] Amaar Valliani
- [x] Andrew Jia
- [x] Yunxiao Xu
    
- [ ] Chieh-hsiu Hung
- [ ] Liam Nguyen
    
## **Agenda**
- [ ] Change repo image to our group logo.
- [x] Discuss everyones individual task status' from this meeting.
- [x] R&D on Competitor apps
    - Thomas
    - Andrew

- [x] Create Wireframes    
    - Sahil

- [x] Create a Roadmap of the project    

- [x] Technologies you would use for frontend and backend    
    - Yunxiao

- [x] Risks, rabbit holes, and no gos    
    - Isaac

- [x] Update and re-assign team roles as needed.
    

## **Meeting Notes**
### Recap of the meeting:

> ***Daily*** - The Slack Standbot for our M-Th Daily Standups seem to be working great so far! Remember to answer the questions the bot asks you everday!
 
> ***Weekly*** - Remember to fill out the google doc for Friday Standups. This is where we reflect over the work we have done during the week.

> ***Monday at 4:15pm*** - Team Leader meeting with T.A. in the CSE Basement, all are recommended to join, especially if you will miss our group meetings. Note: Jerry has team meeting conflicts so he will attend these meetings.

> ***Tuesday at 7pm*** - Weekly Team meeting. Must arrive on time unless you provide the team leaders with a reasonable excuse.

> ***Thursday at 7pm*** - Weekly Team meeting. Must arrive on time unless you provide the team leaders with a reasonable excuse.

> ***Project Theme*** - Local First. CRUD: Create, Read, Update, Delete

> ***Group Project*** - The project we are choosing to pursue is the General Shared Professional Dictionary.
>- **What is it?**
>- *A database for terms or jargon from majors at an undergraduate level, such as CS or EE, or any liberal art majors. It has a publicly maintained version and any individuals could have their own dictionary by pulling an entry from the public database to their local machine. While the publicly maintained version requires qualified people to update or modify the term and requires professionals to verify, on individuals’ local machine, they can make their own notes or create relationships with another term, making it their own version. The database’s scope could be confined to UCSD courses. For example, Each dictionary entry could be tagged with the course number. And users could filter the database by the course number to get all the terms covered in the course.*
>- **C:** Create a dictionary term.
>- **R:** People access it remotely or pull for their own version.
>- **U:** Public database term updated. Or users make notes on their own dict.
>- **D:** Delete an entry, either in public database or personal database.


> Tonight we will discuss any progress that was made from last meeting and as a group critic and adjust everyone's work.
> We will then assign tasks to everyone that must be worked on and completed by Monday evening.
> We will compile our Project Pitch Proposal by Sunday and be ready for the Pitch Proposal on Monday!

## **Notes**
Debrief tasks completed since last meeting.
<ul>
    <li>If you haven't finished your part of the Miro board or need to edit it in any way, please do so before Monday as we will most likely present it to the TA. (I'll be finishing the project roadmap and edit the statement of purpose.)</li>
    <br>
    <li>Here are very preliminary project roles. If you have a specific role in mind, let us know! Also, some roles might be on a rotation basis, such as testing.</li>
        <ul>
            <li>Team leads (approving pull requests, other tasks TBA)</li>
                <ol>Yingqi</ol>
                <ol>Nikhil</ol>
            <li>Designers and Frontend (HTML, CSS)</li>    
                <ol>Sahil</ol>
                <ol>Liam</ol>
                <ol>Amaar</ol>
        </ul>
        <ul>
            <li>Backend + some work to bridge backend and frontend (JavaScript)</li>
                <ol>Ex. retrieving files from local storage, putting data in JSON files</ol>
                <ol>Thomas</ol>
                <ol>Jerry</ol>
                <ol>Yunxiao</ol>
            <li>Testing</li>
                <ol>Isaac</ol>
                <ol>Andrew</ol>
            <li>Everyone</li>
                <ol>Document your work</ol>
        </ul>
</ul>


## **Todo**
- [ ] Change repo image to our group logo.
- [ ] Prepare for Project Proposal Pitch on Monday. 
